{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green34\blue35;\red0\green0\blue0;\red3\green28\blue54;
\red35\green34\blue35;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18431\c18039\c18039;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c392\c14902\c27451;
\cssrgb\c18431\c18039\c18039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ##Values\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \shad0 #LOVING GOD\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 We want to be satisfied in God and live our lives to glorify Him.\'a0 The gospel forms our new identity as sons and daughters of the King.\'a0 As we grow in our relationship to the Father, we shape our values and worldview based on God\'92s plan found in His Word.\'a0 The core of discipleship is helping each other understand and abide in the truth of who we are in His Kingdom.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \shad0 #LOVING OUR NEIGHBORS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 We want to bless our neighbors.\'a0 John 1:14 in The Message it says, \'93The Word became flesh and moved into the neighborhood.\'94\'a0 We want to follow God\'92s heart by making our homes light houses on our streets and living as missionaries in our neighborhoods.\'a0 We are compelled by His love to make sacrifices for those with physical and spiritual needs throughout our city and world.\'a0 Healthy discipleship involves the equipping of believers to go and live with gospel intentionality where we live, work and play.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \shad0 #TOGETHER
\fs28 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 We belong to a spiritual family by living life together.\'a0 Our Neighborhood Groups will be the main environment where life-on-life discipleship will take place.\'a0 As we spend time serving together, we expose our brokenness, and the gospel is worked out through our relationships.\'a0 We will remind each other constantly that we are loved, adopted, and forgiven by our Father.\'a0 This reality frees us to love Him back and unconditionally love each other.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \shad0 #HOSPITALITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 Our hope is that our homes will be open and the primary place for our neighbors to experience love and inclusive community. Our gatherings and parties will have a hospitable posture so we can be confident that our friends will be accepted and loved wherever they are on their spiritual journey.\'a0 At the same time, we want to show that Jesus longs to redeem each of our stories for His glory.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \shad0 #NEIGHBORHOOD FOCUSED\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 A neighborhood is transformed when a group of Christians love and serve their neighbors. A community is transformed when a group of neighborhoods love and serve the community. A city is transformed when a group of communities love and serve the city together.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \shad0 MULTIPLICATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \shad0 We want to multiply by making \'93disciple-making\'94 disciples and planting \'93church-planting\'94 churches. Whenever possible we want to use transferrable methods to train and empower others to go and multiply.
\f0 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \strokec3 \shad0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \shad0 #PARTNERSHIPS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad0 We want to multiply by making \'93disciple-making\'94 disciples and planting \'93church-planting\'94 churches. Whenever possible we want to use transferrable methods to train and empower others to go and multiply. We are a Southern Baptist Church that partners with the North American Mission Board with the Send Network and the International Mission Board.\'a0\
\
\
##Beliefs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \shad0 We agree with the Baptist Faith and Message 2000.\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sbc.net/bfm2000/bfm2000.asp"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.sbc.net/bfm2000/bfm2000.asp\'a0}}
\fs28 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \strokec3 \shad0 \

\f3\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad0 THE SCRIPTURES\'a0
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'96We believe only the 66 books of the Bible are the inspired, and therefore inerrant, Word of God. These books were written by divinely inspired men and are God\'92s revelation of Himself to man. Inspiration extends to the very words of Scripture, not just its teachings, and to everything in the Bible, not just the portions that pertain to matters of faith and practice. The Scriptures are inerrant in the sense that the Scriptures in the original manuscripts are true in all that they say, therefore without error. They are necessary and clear for knowing the gospel, maintaining spiritual growth and knowing God\'92s will. They are sufficient for all that God requires us to believe and do and are the supreme standard by which all human conduct, creeds, and religious opinions should be tried ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%205.18"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 5:18}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%2010.35"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 10:35}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%2017.17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 17:17}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Timothy%203.16-17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Timothy 3:16-17}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Peter%201.20-21"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Peter 1:20-21}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 THE TRIUNE GOD
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe in one God who exists eternally in three Persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. All three are co-eternal, co-existent, and co-equal. The Father is not the Son and the Son is not the Holy Spirit, yet each is truly God. One God - Father,\'a0Son, and Holy Spirit - is the foundation of the Christian faith and life ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%2028.19"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 28:19}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%205.3-4"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 5:3-4}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Revelation%2022.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Revelation 22:13}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 GOD THE FATHER
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe God the Father is the creator of heaven and earth. By His word He freely and supernaturally created the world out of nothing. Through the same word, He daily sustains all His creatures. He rules over all His creation along with the flow of human history according to His good pleasure and sovereign will. His plans and purposes cannot be thwarted. In His unfathomable grace and love, He gave His Son Jesus Christ for mankind's redemption. His ultimate purpose in all things is His own praise and glory ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Genesis%201.1"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Genesis 1:1}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Genesis%202.7"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2:7}};{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Exodus%203.14"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Exodus 3:14}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Exodus%206.2-3"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 6:2-3}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Deuteronomy%206.4"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Deuteronomy 6:4}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Deuteronomy%2032.6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 32:6}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Chronicles%2029.10"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Chronicles 29:10}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Isaiah%2043.3"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Isaiah 43:3}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Isaiah%2043.15"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 15}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Jeremiah%2010.10"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Jeremiah 10:10}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Jeremiah%2017.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 17:13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%2028.19"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 28:19}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Mark%201.9-11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Mark 1:9-11}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%204.24"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 4:24}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%205.26"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 5:26}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%2014.6-13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 14:6-13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%201.7"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 1:7}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%208.14-15"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 8:14-15}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%208.6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 8:6}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Galatians%204.6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Galatians 4:6}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Colossians%201.15"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Colossians 1:15}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Timothy%201.17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Timothy 1:17}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%2011.6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Hebrews 11:6}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 JESUS CHRIST
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe Jesus is the eternal Son of God, fully God and fully Man. In His incarnation, Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary. Although He took on human flesh He never ceased to be fully God, lived a perfectly sinless life, and offered Himself as a penal substitutionary sacrifice for the sins of all people by dying on a cross. He was raised from the dead three days later in a literal physical body demonstrating His power over sin and death. He then ascended into heaven forty days later and was seated at the Father\'92s right hand where He now intercedes for His people and rules as Lord over all. He will someday return in bodily form to judge the world and reign as King in a new heaven and a new earth for all eternity ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%201.18-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 1:18-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Luke%201.34-35"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Luke 1:34-35}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%201.1-18"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 1:1-18}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%201.9-11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 1:9-11}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%205.8"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 5:8}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%2015.1-28"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 15:1-28}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Corinthians%205.21"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Corinthians 5:21}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Philippians%202.6-11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Philippians 2:6-11}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Colossians%201.15-23"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Colossians 1:15-23}};{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%201.1-6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Hebrews 1:1-6}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%204.15-16"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 4:15-16}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%207.23-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 7:23-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%202.21-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Peter 2.21-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%201.1"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 John 1:1}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%202.2"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2:2}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%203.5"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 3:5}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 THE HOLY SPIRIT
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe the Holy Spirit, through the proclamation of the gospel, supernaturally convicts men of sin and regenerates the hearts of God\'92s people by making alive what was spiritually dead. At the point of conversion the Holy Spirit unites the believer into the body of Christ, indwells them, and seals them unto the day of redemption. The Spirit then fills the believer, causes him to grow in holiness, and equips him with spiritual gifts for the building up of the body of Christ ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%203.5-6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 3:5-6}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%2014.26"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 14:26}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%2016.8"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 16:8}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%201.8"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 1:8}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%208.9-11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 8:9-11}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%2012.3-8"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 12:3-8}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%201.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 1:13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%204.10-11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Peter 4:10-11}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%202.27"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 John 2:27}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%204.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 4:13}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 MAN
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe man and woman were the crown of God\'92s good creation, being created in His own image, originally righteous and without sin. However, because of Adam\'92s disobedience the human race has fallen resulting in all of mankind being born into this world absolutely depraved, corrupted with sin, and alienated from God. Mankind therefore is subject both to imputed and inherent sin and is therefore by nature and choice deserving of God\'92s just wrath. Humans are unable to save themselves or contribute in any way to their acceptance before God and are in desperate need of a Savior (Genesis 1-3;\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Psalm%2051.5"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Psalm 51.5}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%203.9-18"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 3.9-18}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%205.1-12"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 5.1-12}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%202.1-3"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 2.1-3}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 THE WAY OF SALVATION (THE GOSPEL)
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe that Christ\'92s life, death, and resurrection is the good news of the gospel and provides the way of salvation for sinful man. Christ\'92s death is a substitutionary and propitiatory sacrifice to God for our sins. On the cross Jesus vicariously bore the exact punishment for sins in the place of sinners thereby satisfying the demands of God\'92s holy justice and appeasing His holy wrath - and gloriously demonstrating His mysterious love and amazing grace. Christ and His work on the cross alone is the basis for our salvation ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%203.16"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 3:16}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%2016.30-31"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 16:30-31}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%203.4"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 3:4}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%208.1-17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 8:1-17}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%2010.8-13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 10:8-13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%2015.1-4"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 15:1-4}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Corinthians%205.21"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Corinthians 5:21}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%202.8-10"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 2:8-10}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Titus%203.3-7"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Titus 3:3-7}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%203.18"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Peter 3:18}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%201.8-2.2"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 John 1:8-2:2}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\

\f3\b \shad0 MAN\'92S RESPONSE TO THE GOSPEL (FAITH AND REPENTANCE
\f1\b0 \shad0 )\'a0\'96We believe the proper response to the gospel is faith in the person and work of Jesus Christ - a faith that must naturally be accompanied by repentance from sin. Biblical repentance is characterized by a changed life and saving faith is evidenced by a life of kingdom service and good works. God alone because of His mercy and sovereign election through the power of the Holy Spirit can awaken this response of faith and repentance. While neither repentance nor works save, they are the evidence that one\'92s heart has truly been regenerated ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/John%201.12-13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 John 1:12-13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%201.16-17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 1:16-17}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%203.20-31"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 3:20-31}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%204.22-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 4:22-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%202.8-10"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 2:8-10}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/James%202.14-17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 James 2:14-17}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b \shad0 MAN\'92S INHERITANCE THROUGH THE GOSPEL\'a0
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'96We believe salvation is provided by grace alone, through faith alone, because of Christ alone, for the glory of God alone. Anyone turning from sin in repentance and relying solely upon Christ and His substitutionary death, looking to Christ alone for their righteousness, receives the gift of eternal life and is declared righteous by God - having the righteousness of Christ imputed to him. He is justified and fully accepted by God. Through Christ\'92s atonement for sin he is completely forgiven the debt of his sin, reconciled to God as Father, and adopted as His beloved child. Once salvation is obtained it cannot be lost. Those who are truly redeemed are kept by God\'92s power and therefore secure in Christ forever ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%203.23-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 3:23-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%201.30"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 1:30}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Corinthians%205.21"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Corinthians 5:21}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Galatians%202.16"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Galatians 2:16}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Galatians%203.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 3:13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Philippians%203.9"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Philippians 3:9}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b \shad0 SANCTIFICATION
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe sanctification is a progressive work of God and man through the presence and enabling power of the Holy Spirit that makes us more and more free from sin and like Christ in our actual lives. Although the process is continuous in this life it is never completed ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%2020.32"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 20:32}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%206.11-14"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 6:11-14}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%201.2"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 1:2}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%201.30"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 30}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%206.11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 6:11}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Corinthians%207.1"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Corinthians 7:1}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Thessalonians%204.3"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Thessalonians 4:3}},{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Thessalonians%205.23"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 5:23}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/2%20Thessalonians%202.13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 2 Thessalonians 2:13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%2012.14"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Hebrews 12:14}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%201.2"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Peter 1:2}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%201.15"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 15}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20John%201.8"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 John 1:8}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b \shad0 THE CHURCH
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96We believe the Church universal is made up of those from all the nations, both living and dead, who have genuinely repented of their sins and trusted in Christ alone for their salvation. A local church is an autonomous group of baptized believers who have covenanted together as the church under identifiable church leadership. Local churches gather together regularly to celebrate the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. This is accomplished through the observance of the ordinances of baptism and the Lord\'92s supper, the worship of God through Jesus Christ, the preaching and teaching of the Word of God, and the exercise of spiritual gifts and service leading to the edification of the body of Christ. Local churches then scatter into the world for the purpose of making disciples of all nations ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%202.42-47"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 2:42-47}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%2012.9-13"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 12:9-13}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%2012.12-31"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 12:12-31}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%201.22-23"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 1:22-23}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%204.11-16"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 4:11-16}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Hebrews%2010.24-25"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Hebrews 10:24-25}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Peter%202.9-10"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Peter 2:9-10}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b \shad0 THE ORDINANCES OF THE CHURCH
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96Water baptism and the Lord\'92s Supper are the two ordinances given to the church to be observed until Christ returns. Water baptism involves a believer being completely immersed under water in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. This ordinance has no saving power yet symbolizes the believer\'92s union with Christ in his death, burial, and resurrection. It signifies that one\'92s former way of life has been put to death, that one is released from the mastery of sin, and that one has entered into a new life of obedience and faith ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%2028.18-20"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 28:18-20}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%202.38-41"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 2:38-41}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%208.36-39"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 8:36-39}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Romans%206.1-4"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Romans 6:1-4}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Ephesians%204.4-6"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Ephesians 4:4-6}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Colossians%202.9-16"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Colossians 2:9-16}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The Lord\'92s Supper is a symbolic act of obedience whereby believers, by partaking of the bread and the cup, remember the death of the Lord Jesus Christ, anticipate His second coming, and signify our unity with other members in the body of Christ. The bread is symbolic of Christ\'92s body and the cup represents His blood ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%2026.26-29"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 26:26-29}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%2010.17"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 1 Corinthians 10:17}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/1%20Corinthians%2011.17-34"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 11:17-34}}).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b \shad0 LAST THINGS
\f1\b0 \shad0 \'a0\'96Jesus Christ will return to earth personally, visibly, and bodily as King of Kings and Lord of Lords. At his appearing the dead shall be raised in bodily form and the living and the dead will be judged. The wicked and unbelieving will be consigned to hell, a place of eternal conscious punishment. Those belonging to Jesus will have eternal life in the new heavens and the new earth and live in ever-increasing joy to the glory of God ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Matthew%2025.21"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Matthew 25:21}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Acts%201.11"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Acts 1:11}}; 1 Corinthians 15;\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Revelation%2020.10-15"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 Revelation 20:10-15}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biblia.com/bible/esv/Revelation%2020.21-22"}}{\fldrslt \ul \shad0 21-22}}).
\f0 \shad0 \
\'a0\
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \shad0 \
}